So this channel is about spreading truth.
I also talk about ancient civilization.
Talk about all kinds of different things in this channel.
When I'm about to share with you,
thet de Ching is absolutely worth your time and real quick,
before we press the back button thinking, oh wait, this is a video about a book.
How lame? No, no, no. This is worth your time.
It's the best 5 99 I've ever spent in my life on Amazon.
And it's 81 chapters long.
However,
you can read it in 20 minutes because like most chapters are quite literally
this long. The longest is this long, nothing exceeds one page.
And it's so much fricking truth. When you read it,
you just know it's like the gospel, so to speak <laugh>. But, uh, yeah,
there's a lot of mystery behind this book. No one knows who wrote it or when,
other than that, it originates thousands of years ago in China.
And it makes many mentions throughout the chapters about the ancients and how
they knew the way and that, and that being said,
that be that's the title of the book.
It means the book of the way or the book of the way of virtue.
And there's a bunch of a different interpretations for this book.
You find different authors because they've spent so much time just trying to
decipher it, trying to translate it and interpret it. So without further ado,
I'm gonna read eight passages.
And I know that sounds lame with someone reading a book on YouTube video,
like how dumb is that?
But they're super quick and it'll paint you a picture to what the book's about
and hopefully encourage you to go buy it because quite literally,
this entire Fri the human race would improve overnight.
If everybody read this especially world leaders. So let me skip. I'm gonna,
I'll read the very last chapter first 81, which is titled true words.
You probably can't see that. So let me just get into it to get an idea.
True words are often unpleasant pleasant words are often untrue.
Those who know the truth, do not argue those who argue, do not know the truth.
Scholars are seldom the wisest men and wise men are seldom scholars.
Those who steal from others, impoverished themselves.
Those who give to others become rich. Those who fight do not win.
Those who win, do not fight. This is the way of the towel. That's the last one.
Let me see, skip over to 11,
which is immateriality immateriality did I say that right? Yes. All right.
A wheel may have 30 spokes, but its usefulness lies in the empty hub.
A jar is formed from clay, but its usefulness lies in the empty center.
A room is made from four walls,
but its usefulness lies in the space between in the same way matter is
necessary to give form.
But the value of reality lies in its immateriality.
That is everything that lives has a physical body,
but the value of life is measured by the soul. Yeah.
You hear me talk about different spiritual things on this channel and uh,
that ties right into it. Let me skip to full, which is non-existence,
which is the short, like a very short one. All right, here we go.
The towel seems to be non-existent yet.
It is essential heaven and earth and everything in them are produced from
existence.
But existence comes from non-existence think about that. Uh,
it's kind of a mind. <laugh> uh, and like I said,
you could read this whole book in 20 minutes,
but I would encourage you to spend a little bit longer so you can reflect on the
passages, but I'm gonna keep going.
Cause I just wanna paint you a picture here and encourage you to get it.
So 42 yin and yang, the tower produces unity.
Unity produces duality, duality produces Trinity. Trinity produces all things.
All things contain,
both the negative principle yin and the positive principle yang.
The third principle, energetic vitality Chi,
which I've talked about energy and U source energy, which is a,
a video coming that I'm gonna make very soon. Um, makes them harmonious.
There are some things which it is a gain to lose and a loss to gain.
This may not be what they teach in school,
but is the first lesson in learning the towel. Pretty interesting.
When you think about that 1 57 freedom. This one's a little bit longer.
Yeah. Look how long that is. <laugh> it's worth a it though.
The empire is administered with righteousness.
The army is directed by strategy that people are best ruled by giving them
freedom. How do I know this is? So by the towel,
the more restrictions and prohibitions there are the poorer people become the
more soldier, the more soldiers patrol the streets,
the more the city is in disorder. The more the city is in disorder.
The more officials are crafty and cunning. The harder the people are to control.
The more laws and orders are issued. The more thieves are and robbers abound.
The wise ruler says, if I am practice or excuse me,
if I practice restraint, the people will reform themselves.
If I love peace that people will become peaceful. If I am not greedy,
the people will become prosperous.
If I practice simplicity that people will become simple, like amen.
Like you could see this going on in our society. Guys,
you can see it happening all around the world.
There is a lot of fricking truth to that.
When you see just how big governments have become and the consequences behind
them, all right guys, I'm almost done. Let me share 71, which is ignorance.
This one's fantastic to know that there are some things that you cannot know
is mental health.
Not to know things that you ought to know is illness.
The wise man recognizes the limits of his knowledge.
The foolish man thinks he knows everything. Oh a man.
It's not until you run a YouTube channel,
you'll see some of the comments you get. And you're like, oh my God,
like people think they know everything. Everyone thinks they know everything.
Well, not everyone enlightened people like whoever wrote this,
truly understand it. All right. Just two more guys. I'm wrapping this up.
75 oppression when taxes are excessive.
The people starve when officials are metal sum,
the people rebel when governments make life burden burdensome,
the people do not fear. Death oppression never achieves its intended results.
Isn't that right? Very true. All right guys, last one.
Number 78 paradoxal truth.
Nothing is gentler than water yet. Nothing can withstand its force.
Likewise, nothing compares to the towel by it. The weak defeat,
the strong, the flexible conquer. The rigid. Everyone knows this is true,
but how few put it into practice?
Priests are often the worst sinners government officers are often the worst
criminals. The truth is often paradoxal. Again,
this is the TA Daun. I highly recommend it.
My most favorite passages in there are chapters.
I didn't read just cuz they're a bit longer.
And I know how lame it is to hear someone read on a YouTube video.
So anyways guys, I'm gonna wrap up I'm Jimmy. This is bright insight.
I can subscribe, help me spread the message.
Many more videos to come and a whole wide variety of topics. Take care,
everybody. You.